[Dependency Update] Dependency update doc (#15045)
apache/incubator-mxnet: tools/dependencies/README.md

```
--without-libidn2
``` 

***

# Dependency Update Runbook

MXNet is built on top of many dependencies. Managing these dependencies could be a big headache. This goal of this document is to give a overview of those dependencies and how to upgrade when new version of those are rolled out.

## Overview

The dependencies could be categorized by several groups: BLAS libraries, CPU-based performance boost library, i.e. MKLDNN and GPU-based performance boosting library including CUDA, cuDNN, NCCL. and others including OpenCV, Numpy, S3-related, PS-lite dependencies. The list below shows all the dependencies and their version. Except for CUDA, cuDNN, NCCL which the user is required to install on their environments, we statically link those dependencies into libmxnet.so when we build PyPi package. By doing this, the user can take advantage of these dependencies without being worry about it.

> | Dependencies  | MXNet Version |

Reviewer: Is this MXNet version or just version of each dependency?

```
--without-libidn2
``` 

***

# Dependency Update Runbook

> MXNet is built on top of many dependencies. Managing those dependencies could be a big headache. This goal of this document is to give a overview of those dependencies and how to upgrade when new version of those are rolled out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MXNet is built on top of many dependencies. Managing these dependencies can be a big headache. This goal of this document is to give a overview of MXNet's dependencies and how to upgrade them when new versions are rolled out.
```

| Dependencies  | MXNet Version |
| :------------: |:-------------:| 
|OpenBLAS| 0.3.3 |
|MKLDNN| 0.19 | 
|CUDA| 10.1 |
|cuDNN| 7.5.1 |
|NCCL| 2.4.2 |
|numpy| >1.16.0,<2.0.0 |
|request| >=2.20.0,< 3.0.0 |
|graphviz| <0.9.0,>=0.8.1 |
|OpenCV| 3.4.2 |
|zlib| 1.2.6 |
|libjpeg-turbo| 2.0.2 |
|libpng| 1.6.35 |
|libtiff| 4-0-10 |
|eigen| 3.3.4 |
|libcurl| 7.61.0 |
|libssl-dev| 1.1.1b |
|zmq| 4.2.2 |
|protobuf| 3.5.1 |
|lz4| r130 |
|cityhash| 1.1.1 |

## How to update them?

### MKL, MKLDNN

@pengzhao-intel (https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/commits?author=pengzhao-intel) and his team are tracking and updating these versions. Kudos to them!

### CUDA, cuDNN, NCCL
#### 1. Environment Setup
```

> # Take Ubuntu 16.04 for example

Reviewer 2: You could move this out of the code block and introduce what is going on here.

sudo apt update
sudo apt-get install -y git \
    cmake \
    libcurl4-openssl-dev \
    unzip \
    gcc-4.8 \
    g++-4.8 \
    gfortran \
    gfortran-4.8 \
    binutils \
    nasm \
    libtool \
    curl \
    wget \
    sudo \
    gnupg \
    gnupg2 \
    gnupg-agent \
    pandoc \
    python3-pip \
    automake \
    pkg-config \
    openjdk-8-jdk
    
# CUDA installation 
# Take CUDA 10 for example
wget https://developer.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/10.0/Prod/local_installers/cuda_10.0.130_410.48_linux
chmod +x cuda_10.0.130_410.48_linux && sudo ./cuda_10.0.130_410.48_linux

> # Installation except:

Reviewer 2: What does this mean?

Author: Type fixed

> # Install NVIDIA Accelerated Graphics Driver for Linux-x86_64 410.48?

Reviewer: I guess you can just point to the NVIDIA CUDA driver installation page directly. I also found installing from deb (network) is very simple. Just 4 lines according to: https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads?target_os=Linux&target_arch=x86_64&target_distro=Ubuntu&target_version=1604&target_type=debnetwork

# Take cuDNN 7.5.0 with CUDA 10 for example
# https://developer.nvidia.com/rdp/cudnn-download
# Register with NVIDIA and download cudnn-10.0-linux-x64-v7.5.0.56.tgz
# scp it to your instance
# https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/cudnn-install/index.html
tar -xvzf cudnn-10.0-linux-x64-v7.5.0.56.tgz
sudo cp cuda/include/cudnn.h /usr/local/cuda/include
sudo cp cuda/lib64/libcudnn* /usr/local/cuda/lib64
sudo chmod a+r /usr/local/cuda/include/cudnn.h /usr/local/cuda/lib64/libcudnn*
# Check cuDNN version
cat /usr/local/cuda/include/cudnn.h | grep CUDNN_MAJOR -A 2 
# #define CUDNN_MAJOR 7
# #define CUDNN_MINOR 5
# #define CUDNN_PATCHLEVEL 0
# --
# #define CUDNN_VERSION (CUDNN_MAJOR * 1000 + CUDNN_MINOR * 100 + CUDNN_PATCHLEVEL)
#
# #include "driver_types.h"

# install NCCL
# take NCCL 2.4.2 for example
# https://developer.nvidia.com/nccl/nccl2-download-survey
# Register with NVIDIA and download nccl-repo-ubuntu1604-2.4.2-ga-cuda10.0_1-1_amd64.deb
sudo dpkg -i nccl-repo-ubuntu1604-2.4.2-ga-cuda10.0_1-1_amd64.deb
sudo apt-key add /var/nccl-repo-2.4.2-ga-cuda10.0/7fa2af80.pub
sudo apt update
sudo apt install libnccl2 libnccl-dev
# we will check the NCCL version later
```
#### 2. Build 

> ```

Reviewer 2: Introduce this section...

# Clone MXNet repo
git clone --recursive https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet.git
cd incubator-mxnet
# Make sure you pin to specific commit for all the performance sanity check to make fair comparison
# Make corresponding change on tools/setup_gpu_build_tools.sh
# to upgrade CUDA version, please refer to PR #14887.
# Make sure you add new makefile and right debs CUDA uses on the website
# http://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/ubuntu1604/x86_64/

# Build PyPi package
tools/staticbuild/build.sh cu100mkl pip

# Wait for 10 - 30 mins, you will find libmxnet.so under the incubator-mxnet/lib

# Install python frontend

> cd python

Reviewer: This can be simplified by pip install -e python .

pip install -e . --pre
# Test MXNet
>>> import mxnet as mx

> >>> mx.nd.ones((2, 5) ctx=mx.gpu(0))

Reviewer: Maybe you can replace this test using the mxnet.runtime.feature_list()

>>> exit()

# Test NCCL version
export NCCL_DEBUG=VERSION
vim tests/python/gpu/test_nccl.py
# Remove @unittest.skip("Test requires NCCL library installed and enabled during build") then run
nosetests --verbose tests/python/gpu/test_nccl.py
# test_nccl.test_nccl_pushpull ... NCCL version 2.4.2+cuda10.0
# ok
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------
# Ran 1 test in 67.666s

OK
```
#### 3. Performance Sanity Check

> We will test against 3 basic models

Reviewer 2: Use periods after each of the statements in this section.

###### ResNet50 with ImageNet
```
# Download the ImageNet on http://image-net.org/download and make record file
# Install prerequisite package

> pip2 install psutil --user

Reviewer: Why pip2?

Author: our benchmark script is written in python2

pip2 install pandas --upgrade --user
pip install gluoncv==0.2.0b20180625
# Clone the testing script
git clone https://github.com/rahul003/deep-learning-benchmark-mirror.git
# command 

> python2 benchmark_runner.py --framework mxnet --metrics-policy metrics_parameters_images_top_1 --task-name metrics_parameters_images_top_1 --metrics-suffix test --num-gpus 8 --command-to-execute 'python mxnet_benchmark/train_imagenet.py --use-rec --batch-size 128 --dtype float32 --num-data-workers 40 --num-epochs 3 --gpus 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7 --lr 0.4 --warmup-epochs 5 --last-gamma --mode symbolic --model resnet50_v1b --rec-train /home/ubuntu/data/train-passthrough.rec --rec-train-idx /home/ubuntu/data/train-passthrough.idx --rec-val /home/ubuntu/data/val-passthrough.rec --rec-val-idx /home/ubuntu/data/val-passthrough.idx' --data-set data

Reviewer: This benchmark AI flow is outdated and I think it's also not public. Why not just run training script from example directly?

Reviewer: Also maybe use mnist as an example here. ImageNet is too big.

# test MXNet
>>> import mxnet as mx
>>> mx.nd.ones((2, 5) ctx=mx.gpu(0))
>>> exit()
```

3. Compare the image.imdecode performance
```python
>>> with open("test.jpg", 'rb') as fp:
...     str_image = fp.read()
...
>>> for _ in range(100):
...    image = mx.img.imdecode(str_imag)
# time the performance of for loop and compare it to original version
```

### Other dependencies under tools/dependencies

#### Update the build script
1. Find the library under `tools/dependencies` and update the version.

#### Sanity Check
1. Environment Setup
```python
# Take Ubuntu 16.04 for example
sudo apt update
sudo apt-get install -y git \
    cmake \
    libcurl4-openssl-dev \
    unzip \
    gcc-4.8 \
    g++-4.8 \
    gfortran \
    gfortran-4.8 \
    binutils \
    nasm \
    libtool \
    curl \
    wget \
    sudo \
    gnupg \
    gnupg2 \
    gnupg-agent \
    pandoc \
    python3-pip \
    automake \
    pkg-config \
    openjdk-8-jdk
```
2. Build PyPi package
```
# Update the dependency under tools/dependencies, then
tools/staticbuild/build.sh mkl pip

# Wait for 10 - 30 mins, you will find libmxnet.so under the incubator-mxnet/lib

# Install python frontend
cd python

> pip3 install -e . --pre

Reviewer: maybe just pip? Let users to pick the right version (maybe thorugh viurtualenv)
